.TH "createrepo" "8" "2005 Jan 2" "Seth Vidal" ""

.SH "NAME"
createrepo \- Create repomd (xml-rpm-metadata) repository

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBcreaterepo\fP [options] <directory>
.PP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBcreaterepo\fP is a program that creates a repomd (xml-based rpm metadata) repository from a set of rpms.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-u --baseurl\fP <url>"
Optional base url location for all files. (not used by any clients at this
time)
.IP "\fB\-x --exclude\fP <package>"
File globs to exclude, can be specified multiple times.
.IP "\fB\-q --quiet\fP"
Run quietly.
.IP "\fB\-g --groupfile\fP <groupfile>"
A precreated xml filename to point to for group information.
.br
See examples section below for further explanation.
.IP "\fB\-v --verbose\fP"
Run verbosely.
.IP "\fB\-c --cachedir\fP <path>"
Specify a directory to use as a cachedir. This allows createrepo to create a
cache of checksums of packages in the repository. In consecutive runs of
createrepo over the same repository of files that do not have a complete
change out of all packages this decreases the processing time dramatically.
.br
.IP "\fB\-U --update-info-location\fP <url>"
Query a specified server for package update metadata.
.br
.IP "\fB\-p --pretty\fP"
Output xml files in pretty format.
.IP "\fB\-V --version\fP"
Output version.
.IP "\fB\-h --help\fP"
Show help menu.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
Here is an example of a repository with a groups file. Note that the
groups file should be in the same directory as the rpm packages
(i.e. /path/to/rpms/comps.xml).
.br
.PP
\fBcreaterepo\fP \-g comps.xml /path/to/rpms

.SH "FILES"
.nf
repodata/filelists.xml.gz
repodata/other.xml.gz
repodata/primary.xml.gz
repodata/repomd.xml 
.fi
.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I yum (8) yum.conf (5)

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
Seth Vidal <skvidal@phy.duke.edu>
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
Any bugs which are found should be emailed to the mailing list:
rpm-metadata@linux.duke.edu
.fi
