.TH "modifyrepo" "1" "2007 Dec 3" "Luke Macken" ""

.SH "NAME"
modifyrepo \- Modify a repomd (xml-rpm-metadata) repository

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBmodifyrepo\fP [options] <input metadata> <output repodata>
.PP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBmodifyrepo\fP is a program that allows you to insert arbitrary metadata into a repomd (xml-based rpm metadata) repository.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-mdtype <mdtype>\fP"
Specify datatype of the metadata. If not specified, datatype will be derived from the filename.

.IP "\fB\-\-remove\fP"
Remove specified file from repodata.

.IP "\fB\-\-compress\fP"
Compress the new repodata before adding it to the repo. This is used by default.

.IP "\fB\-\-no-compress\fP"
Do not compress the new repodata before adding it to the repo.

.IP "\fB\-\-compress-type <compress-type>\fP"
Specify which compression type to use: gz, xz (may not be available), bz2.

.IP "\fB\-s, \-\-checksum <sumtype>\fP"
Specify the checksum type to use.

.IP "\fB\-\-unique-md-filenames\fP"
Include the file's checksum in the metadata filename, helps with HTTP caching (default).

.IP "\fB\-\-simple-md-filenames\fP"
Do not include the file's checksum in the metadata filename.

.IP "\fB\-\-version\fP"
Output version.

.IP "\fB\-h \-\-help\fP"
Show help menu.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
$ \fBmodifyrepo\fP \-\-mdtype=newmd metadata.xml /repository/repodata
.br
Wrote: /repository/repodata/metadata.xml.gz
           type = newmd
       location = repodata/metadata.xml.gz
       checksum = 1d7ee93db2964e7f85e07ec19b3204591da1050c
      timestamp = 1196716296.0
  open-checksum = 824d936dc7dfff029379797b311af0cc66af4115
.br
Wrote: /repository/repodata/repomd.xml

.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I createrepo (8)

.PP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
Luke Macken <lmacken@redhat.com>
Seth Vidal <skvidal@fedoraproject.org>
.fi 

.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
Any bugs which are found should be emailed to the mailing list:
rpm-metadata@lists.baseurl.org
.fi
